Feature/lerna (#23)
10up/wp-scaffold: README.md

2. Take what you need. If your project doesn't have a theme, remove the theme. If your project doesn't need any plugin functionality, remove the MU plugin. If your plugin doesn't need CSS/JS, remove it. If your plugin doesn't need to be translated, remove all the translation functionality.
3. Compiling, minifying, bundling, etc. of JavaScript and CSS is all done by [10up Scripts](https://github.com/10up/10up-scripts). 10up Scripts is included as a dev dependency in both the plugin and theme. If you want to develop on the theme (and vice-versa the plugin), you would navigate to the theme directory in your console and run `npm run start` (after running `npm install` first of course). Inside `package.json` edit `@10up/scripts.devURL` to your local development URL for BrowserSync to work properly. `@10up/scripts.entry` are the paths to CSS/JS files that need to be bundled. Edit these as needed.

> 4. [lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna) is used to managed npm dependencies. The benefits of using lerna is that we can hoist all dependencies to the root folder and avoid installing duplicate dependencies, saving time and space. By default `lerna` is aware of all themes and `mu-plugins/10up-plugin`, if you are building a new plugin/theme make sure that `lerna` is aware of it by adding it to the `lerna.json` file. See the example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. [lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna) is used to manage npm dependencies. The main benefit of using lerna is that we can hoist all dependencies to the root folder and avoid installing duplicate dependencies, saving time and space. By default `lerna` is aware of all themes and `mu-plugins/10up-plugin`, if you are building a new plugin/theme make sure that `lerna` is aware of it by adding it to the `lerna.json` file. See the example below:
```
